[Request] Doc size constraints for value list uploads (#4918)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/lists/api-import-list-items.asciidoc

[[lists-api-import-list-items]]
=== Import list items

> Imports a list of items from a `.txt` or `.csv` file. The maximum file size is 9K bytes. There is no minimum file size limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imports a list of items from a `.txt` or `.csv` file. The maximum file size is 9 KB. There is no minimum file size limit.
```

Reviewer 2: Hey @nastasha-solomon @yctercero I did a mistake in terms of the file size. It is actually `9M bytes` instead of `9K bytes` https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/plugins/lists/server/config.ts#L25. I'm not sure how we would like to present it better in docs, but saying that `9.000.000 bytes` is equal to `9MB` will be wrong in this case, since `9MB == 9.437.184 bytes`

Reviewer: Based on [Microsoft Style Guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/numbers) ("a round number of 1 million or more"):
```suggestion
Imports a list of items from a `.txt` or `.csv` file. The maximum file size is 9 million bytes. There is no minimum file size limit.
```

> Imports a list of items from a `.txt` or `.csv` file. The maximum file size is 9K bytes. There is no minimum file size limit.

Author: Yeah, I suppose there's no need to call this out if users won't encounter an error code or error message when they upload a "smaller" value list.

> Imports a list of items from a `.txt` or `.csv` file. The maximum file size is 9K bytes. There is no minimum file size limit.

Author: Resolved in [8ad6de8](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/4918/commits/8ad6de8d65172a77040f5d57664eca269232629f).

> Imports a list of items from a `.txt` or `.csv` file. The maximum file size is 9 million bytes. There is no minimum file size limit.

Author: ```suggestion
Imports a list of items from a `.txt` or `.csv` file. The maximum file size is 9 million bytes. 
```
